docs: Add warning and clarify named form access via document.formName(#39891) (#40001)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/window/index.md

  - : Returns a reference to the current window.
- `window[0]`, `window[1]`, etc.
  - : Returns a reference to the `window` object in the frames. See {{domxref("Window.frames")}} for more details.
- Named properties

>   - : Some elements in the document are also exposed as properties:

Reviewer: Because we're talking about Window here, maybe

```suggestion
  - : Some elements in the document are also exposed as window properties:
```

  - : Returns a reference to the current window.
- `window[0]`, `window[1]`, etc.
  - : Returns a reference to the `window` object in the frames. See {{domxref("Window.frames")}} for more details.
- Named properties
  - : Some elements in the document are also exposed as window properties:
    - For each {{HTMLElement("embed")}}, {{HTMLElement("form")}}, {{HTMLElement("iframe")}}, {{HTMLElement("img")}}, and {{HTMLElement("object")}} element, its `name` (if non-empty) is exposed.

>       For example, if the document contains `<form name="my_form">`, then `window["my_form"]` and `window.my_form` both return a reference to that element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      For example, if the document contains `<form name="my_form">`, then `window["my_form"]` (and its equivalent `window.my_form`) returns a reference to that element.
```
